so here sits kim COEs 50th anniversary
uxv 700 i sp it certainly looks flashy
but how does it stack up against other
comparables in a heavily saturated
side-by-side market what are its
strengths and weaknesses and is the
consumer getting good value for their
dollar the uxv 700 is powered by a 695
CC four-valve liquid-cooled single power
is transferred to the wheels via a
typical automatic CVT transmission that
includes low range while not a stunner
this motor has good bottom end pull and
it's capable of taking you anywhere
you'd realistically need to go as a 700
it's a little on the soft side though
the claimed 45 horsepower would be
decent if we didn't think that number
was maybe just a tad optimistic the
chassis is largely unchanged from the
last Kymco side-by-side we tested its
solid and well-built and features a
double a arm front and rear suspension
setup that yields a mild 7.5 inches of
travel and is damped by a set of what
kim code describes as fully adjustable
shocks only problem is that after more
confusion and investigation than I'd
like to admit I finally came to the
realization that these shocks are in
fact only preload adjustable not really
as full as I was expecting based on
their description the ride is adequate
not overly plush but not harsh the
limited travel becomes more apparent the
more gnarly the terrain becomes
shiftable 4x4 with a locking front diff
works smoothly and definitely helps when
they go and get sticky
in terms of amenities the 700 ISP
certainly has a few the 700 I base model
is just that very basic with few bells
or whistles and that's one thing we've
always liked about it it's pretty simple
but comes at a great price the SP on the
other hand has got more bolt ons than
the average person would choose to bolt
on if given the choice
nice-looking red aluminum wheels wrapped
in genuine Kenda tires including a
full-size spare half windshield roof
rear roll bar extension with spare tire
mount rear bumper fully stocked light
bar seat covers and the list goes on and
on as impressive as this list is we feel
what's most important is whether or not
these additions add value to the vehicle
as a whole package over and above base
model and in this case our feelings are
mixed we always like a nice set of
wheels and tires and these ones are
definitely nice we also love lights the
more the merrier a roof and windshield
are always welcome additions and bumpers
can come in very handy when you need
them the most
so these things are all great upgrades
over the base Kymco 700 I stitch seats
really do look great but they tend to
seep water through the seams when
they're wet a full-size spare is really
nice to have but can take up a lot of
cargo space when you try and carry it
with you and this brings me to my
biggest gripe with this vehicle the 700
I sp falls into the sport utility side
by side classification as such you'd
expected to be capable of working and
playing equally as hard but in their
quest to add more sporty appeal to the
SP with the addition of the rear roll
bar extension and spare tire mount Kymco
has severely limited the functionality
of its cargo bed the roll bar extension
bolts into the cargo bed and this uses
up a lot of cargo space but that's not
what bugs me the most because the
extension bolts into the cargo bed the
bed no longer tilts now a small non
tilting cargo bed is something we feel
is reserved strictly for pure sport
side-by-sides as a sport utility a
dumping cargo bed is a must-have and
this is where I feel the uxv 700 I SP
really gets lost in its personality with
a market overflowing with awesome pure
sports side-by-sides and hugely capable
utility models a sporty ER sport ute
trying to be both isn't strong
competition
finally we need to talk about value what
are you actually getting for the money
you're spending and what else could you
get for similar money this is where
Kymco products we tested in the past
have really stood out the 700 I SP is in
the same price category as a Polaris
Ranger 570 se with EPS a Polaris RZR 570
with EPS or km commander with EPS this
means for the same money you can buy a
market-leading purpose-built utility
pure sport or sport utility side-by-side
all of which include power steering but
in their quest to build an upgraded 50th
anniversary edition uxv we think Kymco
may have strayed a little too far from
what they're best at building decent
side-by-sides for an excellent price
honestly the base model u XP is a better
value and offers more real world
usability its low price makes it easy to
overlook anything you may not love about
it this 700 isp model simply isn't cheap
enough so those gripes tend to stand out
if you enjoyed this video post a comment
and let us know what you think then
click this link to subscribe and that
link for more great videos from dirt
tracks TV